This will be a file containing the talking points I want to/should do for each Project Demo: 

Poodle Scheduler (HTML): 
Walk-through of every page
Look into the VS Project code (show how many files for CSS, JS, HTML, where I keep my images and such). 
Slight walkthrough of the Flowchart diagram
Talk about my future scope and what I initially envisioned? Instead of going through my entire Project Report, 
which is already on the Project Page. Make this fluid if including it
Give an example of Adding and Removing a reminder, maybe doing Delete All instead, since I showcase
Delete One in the Description

To-Do List (React): 
Showcase VS project code
Yarn web to start it up, then have it also load into a waiting Android Studio
Showcase App (adding, checking, removing, image that pops up when all are removed)
^Also for mobile app, alert box when you try to input nothing
Talk about design choices (why this, probably not talk about Tesla tho)
Walk thru Flowchart
Maybe talk about future scope

Keyboard Warriors (Java thru Android Studio): 
Walk through project file -> Show sprites, audio/music (may not be audible), different levels (prac, easy, med, hard)
Start up app, run through practice and one of the levels (in the vid skip thru once
they probably get the jist. Show boss battle though. Showcase you taking damage and losing too)
Walk through the Project Report - product backlog, removed features, then say the rest (+ the presentation) 
is on the Project Page in my Portfolio Website

Microsoft SQL Server Database Project (SQL): 
Not much to demo
Skim thru business rules, Entities, Attributes, Relationships.
Show Data Directory (Google Sheets)
Show ERM and Relational Database Model (ERM but with Relationships)
Pull up compiler.io to show the code put into SQL - in sections. 
First creating tables, then inserting data rows. (or maybe have it in already and just highlight em)
Showcase each query (5)
Showcase query to print every data value? 

Garry's Mod (GCP + Linux/Ubuntu): 
Show our GCP - maybe go inside (unsure how to traverse the website code)? We have two, one for the website, one for the Server
Show off the website, which walks you through joining the Server
Then go into the server and showcase each map
Worse case, maybe just submit our demo video that we submitted for class. 
Honestly, it's not the worse thing too, we put good work into it
I think I'ma just use our demo. It's pretty solid. 
I talked through 0:25 to 1:00 and 
about what GMod and TTT is + introducing the gameplay